README.md, before:

![](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/magical-forest.svg)
![](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/magical-forest.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/DenisMasterHerobrine/MagicalForest) 
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/denismasterherobrine/magicalforest)
<div align="center"> <h1>  Magical Forest </h1> </div>
<div align="center"> Magical Forest is a mod which brings a new biome into Minecraft 1.15.2+. Inspired by Thaumcraft 4. </div>

# Information
Magical Forest is a green biome with a lot of big mushrooms, a lot of caves with ores. You can find villages and other vanilla (and modded) structures if you like adventures.

# Compatibility
This mod is very lightweight for any modpack. You can easily add/remove to your existing worlds without any danger since this mod use vanilla generator and will not corrupt your world.
Also this mod accepts IMCs and compatible with a bunch of mods.

**Compatible with:**
- Biomes O' Plenty
- Terraforged
- Traverse

# To-Do List
- Implement Silverwood
- Implement Greatwood
- Implement Tainted Biome
- Begin work on Amber and Aspect Crystals

NOTE: 
 - "master" branch is for builds supporting latest or LTS version, also called as TC4: CE. Magical Forest will be revived as another project in memory of Thaumcraft by Azanor. Everything will be written from scratch.
 - "1.15.2" branch is for 1.15.2 builds, currently abandoned version of Magical Forest.

Commit message:

Added more info into README

README.md, after:

![](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/magical-forest.svg)
![](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/magical-forest.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/DenisMasterHerobrine/MagicalForest) 
![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/denismasterherobrine/magicalforest)
<div align="center"> <h1>  Magical Forest </h1> </div>
<div align="center"> Magical Forest is a mod which brings a new biome into Minecraft 1.15.2+. Inspired by Thaumcraft 4. </div>

# Information
Magical Forest is a green biome with a lot of big mushrooms, a lot of caves with ores. You can find villages and other vanilla (and modded) structures if you like adventures.

# Compatibility
This mod is very lightweight for any modpack. You can easily add/remove to your existing worlds without any danger since this mod use vanilla generator and will not corrupt your world.
Also this mod accepts IMCs and compatible with a bunch of mods.

# Ports?
- Fabric: **Not planned**, but feel free to do it yourself if you want.
- Forge:
- - 1.17: Planned, but waiting on Abnormals Core to update, can be skipped if Abnormals Core will skip this major version.
- - 1.16: Stable, will receive all content updates up to 1.18 update.
- - 1.15: Stable, no support will be given since it's abandoned.

**Compatible with:**
- Biomes O' Plenty
- Terraforged
- Traverse
- and probably more...

# To-Do List
- Implement Silverwood
- Implement Greatwood
- Implement Tainted Biome
- Begin work on Amber blocks and lights and Aspect Crystals

NOTE: 
 - "master" branch is for builds supporting latest or LTS version. Magical Forest will be revived as another project in memory of Thaumcraft by Azanor. Everything will be written from scratch.
 - "1.15.2" branch is for 1.15.2 builds, currently abandoned version of Magical Forest. (1.0.x)
